hello youtube friends in this video
tutorial I'm going to teach you a topic of
windows 8 for for windows 7
ready to start be to the description
of the video
and they are going to copy this link
go to
they are going to paste it in the url bar
grab links we wait for the 25 seconds
and let's go
will be a folder of yes but a
real file but I recommend that you
Do not keep a folder because there are several
lean files is to bring here
so
as has already been seen here
the extracted files then the subject
is here then and the only thing they are going to
do is select the east and this
binder
copy they take it to the team
local disk set
windows
they are going to look for the folder red source
this month's challenges are here and what
they are going to hit what they had
cancel because I already had it then
when they have stuck
give right click customize since
go to do
and how do they see it since it appears windows 8
floating
let's wait for him to put on
and keep it up because I have my football has
activated but already the race
already
Well, this is the issue, but not what
makes it look more bacano are the
for example gold
and all this to put it on and all that
for example the faces is where the
folders
this is to be done by the
folders for for example I'm like this
like to make the folders like that but
this is another way
and so
this is the gold
with this 9 with this you need a
program to change this button that
is here
Well then that's all I hope that
subscribe to my channel and comment if
subscribe I will return the subscription
and well that was all